Project INDY Phase 2 Task 7b - 25k for a well for a young family

For the 10 months I was starved during 18 months of captivity, losing 1/3 my body weight and developing the seizures that are killing me now - I was denied underwear and hygiene products - as a means of humiliating me.

A young family with a young child has helped me immensely, for years after my captivity, without knowing who or what I was or what I was facing.

They need a drilled well on their property.  Their dug well is too shallow, runs dry and freezes in the winter.  I have priced it out with local well drillers that a well, drilled to 175 ft, with an internal pump, connected to a family home, runs 12-15k.

I've picked 15k.

The land will have to be cleared and prepared.  I intend to do this with a well digging party if I were to live long enough; to reflect the 2 years of captivity I was not allowed to speak to neighbors or ask for help.  I've dug many a well and water reservoir, literally around the world.  I was sent into my own as a child to dig deeper when it went dry in the summers.

If I don't live long enough, I would like them to have the resources so they can arrange the party after I am gone.

The performance art component - is the act of gathering the neighbors together to help drill the well.  This isn't done any more.  It should be.  It will only take a couple of days with rotating volunteers doing the labor and cooking the food as we throw a BBQ.

This finished product for the backers are the photos and videos.

In Feb 2022, Kickstarter has its own spreadsheet accounting option, that I can't get to work.  But I can use their numbers.

Raw Materials (my numbers) :     15,000

Labor (my numbers) :                  0 - I want a "Well Digging Party" of volunteers

Safety Buffer (Kickstarter 20%) : 3,000

Kickstarter Commission (5%) :       900
Payout Fees (5%) :                  900


Canadian Income Tax (25%) :       4,950


Total :                          24,750

I've rounded up to 25k for a nice even number.

