Project INDY is a 5 phase performance art piece designed to reflect and re-imagine my torture, mutilation and murder as altruistic events.  Project INDY is being set up to outlive me.

The goal of Project INDY Phase 3 is to sell the movie rights to my life before my death (advance now - royalties for Phase 4 and 5 later).

Whatever organization wants the movie rights, it is only available while I am alive and with an imminent death that won't be long.  Upon my death - if unsold - the movie rights will be given away.

Lawyers will be handling my estate (Phase 4 and 5).

In the event Phase 1 or 2 are unsuccessful or incomplete, but Phase 3 is, the funding from Phase 3 will be used to support Phase 1 and / or 2.  Excess funding will be given to Phase 4 or Phase 5.

The advance on the movie rights is set at 1 million dollars (an Austin Powers homage - among other things).  In keeping with Phase 1 - first come first serve - representatives must find me in Nova Scotia before my death.  The bank transfer has to clear before my death.  Unlike Phase 1 - no refunds upon my death.

The million dollar advance is an inside joke among friends from college - one I am not explaining.  It is an inside joke with my current friends who continually ask me to play a lotto and win a million dollars.

The million dollars is also a reflection of the damage my rapist has inflicted.

I was 19 when I was told I would struggle to see 40.  From 1992 to 2017 I have spent 1/2 a million dollars over a quarter century paying for medications, medical treatments and physio.  I have never used narcotics or painkillers.  I have never had re-constructive surgery.  It cost 1/2 a million just to slow my death a little.  I've never had the resources for pain management or reconstructive surgery.  It's too late for it now.

From 2017 to 2019 my rapist inflicted more damage than from my childhood.  The 1/2 million I spent was undone and then some.

From 2017 to 2019 my rapist abandoned her husband with Huntingtons, threatening to kill him if I left or didn't look after him.  She collected a quarter of a million dollars in salary and pension while she defrauded (and tortured) her mother for a cabin on a lake worth 1/2 a million dollars.  She also owns atleast 2 properties - the one I was held at - and the one I was forbidden to hunt and trap.  Each one is worth 1/4 to 1/2 million dollars.

A million + royalties, with no idea if I will live long enough to spend a penny of it seems fair and poetic.

As with Phase 1, the movie rights also means interviewing me, if I live long enough and if the purchaser wishes interviews.