Project INDY Phase 2 Task 8 - 18k for a deck for a young father.

For 18 months I was held captive, I asked at each confrontation - more than 300 in the 540 days - to be let go so I could visit my son's grave before I died.  I asked more than 300 times to be let go so I could see his mother and give him a funeral.  He died before I learned of him - while I was overseas.

A young father with his own son has helped me immensely, for years after my captivity, without knowing who or what I was or what I was facing.

Through all of COVID, losing his job, caring for his son, gaining a new and even better job - he and his family have struggled.  The father has only asked for 1 thing - a deck in his backyard so he doesn't have to sit in the mud with his son - the way he sat in the mud as a child growing up.

Thanks to COVID, the price of lumber is insane and goes up and down worse than the price of gas and diesel.  The family's home is 40ft long.  A twelve foot deck, the length of the house, 1 foot off the ground, is 480 square feet.  If lumber for this deck is $10/square foot - like steel roofing - that's 5K ... if COVID prices double it - it's 10k.

I picked 10k.

The land will have to be cleared and prepared.  The deck will have to be built.  I intend to do this with a deck building party if I were to live long enough; to reflect the 2 years of captivity I was not allowed to speak to neighbors or ask for help.  I've built and re-surfaced several decks in my life.  Including my Uncle's in New Brunswick just a few years ago.

If I don't live long enough, I would like them to have the resources so they can arrange the party after I am gone.

The performance art component - is the act of gathering the neighbors together to help build the deck.  This isn't done any more.  It should be.  It will only take a couple of days with rotating volunteers doing the labor and cooking the food as we throw a BBQ.

This finished product for the backers are the photos and videos.

In Feb 2022, Kickstarter has its own spreadsheet accounting option, that I can't get to work.  But I can use their numbers.

Raw Materials (my numbers) :     10,000

Labor (my numbers) :                  0 - I want a "Deck Building Party" of volunteers

Safety Buffer (Kickstarter 20%) : 2,000

Kickstarter Commission (5%) :       600
Payout Fees (5%) :                  600


Canadian Income Tax (25%) :       3,300


Total :                          16,500

I've rounded up to 18k for a nice even number.

