Phase 4 are the wrongful death, pain and suffering lawsuits.

Lawyers, preferably from Halifax (or elsewhere in Nova Scotia) will be selected to represent my estate.

From 2017 to 2019 my rapist abandoned her husband with Huntingtons, threatening to kill him if I left or didn't look after him.  She collected a quarter of a million dollars in salary and pension while she defrauded (and tortured) her mother for a cabin on a lake worth 1/2 a million dollars.  She also owns atleast 2 properties - the one I was held at - and the one I was forbidden to hunt and trap.  Each one is worth 1/4 to 1/2 million dollars.

I was starved for 10 months, worse than raped, mutilated and murdered as my rapist screamed I wouldn't be given food, medicine or freedom until I killed myself or helped starve, possibly kill, her husband.

The lawsuits for my rapist are expected to be in the 8 figure range, including the 3 properties plus any others she might have.  I do not expect to ever live to see the lawsuits concluded.

I want the cabin on the lake sold, to pay for the lawyers.  I want the lawyers to make every reasonable effort to sell the cabin (and property) to my siblings or cousins if they want it.  I was worse than raped, mutilated and murdered so my rapist could live there.  They might not want it.

I was held, beaten, tortured, starved, worse than raped, mutilated, worse than murdered at the main residence.  My younger sister was held and tortured there; forced to help raise both of my rapist's children in the 1980s and early 1990s.  My younger sister was groomed to be my rapist's surrogate daughter to further torture my mother.  My younger brother was tortured in the house for a year in 1993/94.

I would like that house razed - an homage to Forrest Gump.  I would have that property "let the jungle in" a Kipling / Jungle Book homage.

My cousins would be welcome to take what they want as memorabilia but the main house is to be razed to the ground.  I want the foundation and basement filled in.

I would like the property returned to pasture.

Other properties, including the one on the brook in Beach Meadows, I would like returned to pasture.

I was starved for 10 months, losing 1/3 my body weight, producing the seizures that are killing me, in an effort to force me to starve or kill my Uncle for my rapist.  I would like my rapist's properties returned to pasture so people that wish to rent pasture to raise animals for food may do so.

Food is what my rapist weaponized.  Food is the first way she tried to kill her husband in 2018.  Food is how I want to honor my son's memory.