Project INDY is a 5 phase performance art piece designed to reflect and re-imagine my torture, mutilation and murder as altruistic events.  Project INDY is being set up to outlive me.

The goal of Project INDY Phase 2 is to re-imagine the events leading to my death as altruistic equivalences in the form of performance art pieces.  To ensure these performance art pieces survive my death, I have placed them all on Kickstarter.

I was sex trafficked, kidnapped, held, tortured, mutilated and murdered between 2017 and 2019.  All the details are in my Dying Declaration :

https://github.com/jeffohrt

During the 2 year period (April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019) that these events occurred my rapist collected a quarter of a million dollars in salary and pensions.  She made 250k raping and killing me because I brought her husband food (from the food bank).

I have split this figure in half - 120k for Phase 1 and 120k for Phase 2.

Kickstarter is a crowd sourcing / crowd funding platform.  During my captivity I was threatened daily with the murder of my Uncle if I told anyone or asked anyone for help.

My Uncle's son has returned from overseas.  My death is imminent.  Now is the time for Phase 2.

During my captivity I was threatened daily with the murder of my Uncle if I told anyone or asked anyone for help.

For this reason I am asking everyong for help with Phase 2 - via Kickstarter.

Some tasks are complete, others are underway.  Everything is in the repo under Phase 2 and can be viewed at :

https://github.com/jeffohrt/Project-INDY/






Phase 2 Task 2 & 3 - 15k for wells for 2 young families

I was held for 18 months, starved for 10 months, all food, medication and hygiene products, including underwear, were withheld.  I was forced to live in filth and soiled clothes, forced to lose 1/3 my body weight causing the seizures that are killing me and forced to simply stink so my rapist could scream at me every day that I was too disgusting to deserve A, B or C.

2 young families have helped me immensely without knowing who or what I was or what I was facing.  They both need drilled wells.  Their wells are shallow, go dry in the summers and are undrinkable after rains (surface infiltration).  They and their children have to travel great distances for laundry and showers.  They often have to ration hygiene, washroom and similar necessities.

I would like to drill them each a well.  In Nova Scotia that generally costs 12-15k to drill and hook up.

Phase 2 Task 4 - 10k for a deck for a young father

For 18 months, knowing I was dying, I asked my rapist every night to let me go.  I asked my rapist every night to let me go so I could visit my son's grave before my death.  I asked my rapist every night to let me go so I could see his mother before my death.  My rapist screamed at me every night that she was doing the world a favor by making sure I never had children again.  My rapist screamed at me every night that she was doing my son's mother a favor by making sure I never saw her.

A young father has helped me immensely, without knowing who or what I was or what I was facing.  He has crippled himself providing for his family.  He lost his job during COVID so he could care for his young son.  He works now but at the worst of times, he wished only for a deck - a platform a foot off the ground - so he didn't have to sit in the mud with his son.

The average google dive puts a pressure treated wood deck, (a foot off the ground, no rails, no furntiure - just a platform) at $15 / sq ft plus labor.

A simple platform a foot or two off the ground is enough.  I set the goal at 10k - I would build a deck reflecting whatever the universe (Kickstarter) provides.

If I were to live long enough - I would like to arrange a deck building party - like a barn raising - to reflect the 2 years of captivity I was not allowed to speak to neighbors or ask for help.  If I don't live long enough, I would like him to have the materials so he can arrange the party after I am gone.

Phase 2 Task 5 - 30k for a mini-home

March 2017 started with sex trafficking (out of the Philippines).  The lies and manipulations that my rapist used to bring me across the planet involved having my siblings tell me I was being lent my childhood home; a safe place to be left alone for just 2 months.  It never happened.

A young man in my community needs a small home.  He is in a difficult situation and needs a small home built.  He has no connection to me and has not helped me in the past.  He is a friend of a friend.

Phase 2 Task 6 - multiple wood-fired BBQ's (3k each)

From July 2018 to April 2019 I was starved and beaten into losing 1/3 of my body weight.  The little bit of food I scratched together, often lobster bait from local fishermen, I had to salt and smoke in the woods with wood fired BBQ's.   I built them from clay and stone.

I was trained as a welder at Camosun College on Vancouver Island in 2016 - only months before my abduction in April 2017.  There are a number of young fathers in my community that would like trailer mounted, steel versions of the BBQs I have built.  They would like to take their families camping etc. like the vacations I had as a child with my father's parents.

This project is contingent on me living long enough.  I have the skills and experience to build the BBQs.  I lack only the materials and time.  I would give the finished items to those families.  Most of them have no connection to me and have never helped me.

Phase 2 Task 7 - multiple composting toilets (3k each)

August 23rd 2018, I had my first seizure.  I had been starved and beaten into losing 1/3 of my body weight.  The seizures are permanent and are killing me.  During my captivity, I was beaten every night, beaten until I had a seizure multiple times a week.  I was beaten during seizures until I soiled myself.  I was screamed at nightly "If you're going to shit yourself like Larry (my Uncle with Huntingtons), you're going to be treated like him."  My underwear was taken from me for added humiliations.

I have, over the last 2 years, since my release, been waiting to die from my seizures.  I have met an inordinate number of people with extreme health / digestive issues.  They are regularly humiliated with accidents in their yards.  If I were to live long enough, I would like to build them composting toilets.  One of my masters degrees is Chemical Engineering in Water Treatment.  A composting toilet is just the cost of materials.

This project is contingent on me living long enough.  I would build and give away as many as the universe (KickStarter) provides or are needed in my community.
