: "I'm Not Dead Yet."
: "Oh shut up - you will be soon."

That is a line from Monty Python's The Holy Grail.  I adopted INDY - as a catch phrase when I was 12.  That was 1985.

https://github.com/jeffohrt/Project-INDY

This is Project INDY - Phase 1 - Depositions

Project INDY is a 5 phase performance art piece designed to reflect and re-imagine my torture, mutilation and murder as altruistic events.  Project INDY is being set up to outlive me.

My death is imminent.  The goal of Project INDY Phase 1 is to keep me alive long enough to be deposed by lawyers and to be interviewed so the people that care can learn of all the things I've done in my life that are not permitted in my Dying Declaration.  My life has been short and busy.

Kickstarter has declined to be involved.  I have left their files in place - it is part of the experience - of watching what a rape and murder victim goes through when they ask for help.

I am crowdsourcing (GoFundMe) the cost of keeping me alive for a few months - with no idea each night if I will wake up the next day.  My death is imminent.  I won't make it to trial.  I am asking to live long enough to be deposed by lawyers.

I was sex trafficked, kidnapped, held, tortured, mutilated and murdered between 2017 and 2019.  All the details are in my Dying Declaration.  During the 2 year period (April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019) that these events occurred my rapist collected a quarter of a million dollars in salary and pensions.  She made 250k raping and killing me because I brought her husband food (from the food bank).

My rent is $450 per month, that much again in utilities, that much again in food.  That's just shy of $1400 a month.  6 months is $8k, $16k for a year.

I require dental surgery from the injuries I sustained while being held and tortured.  The dental surgery and prosthetics are $12k to $15k total.

I require mediation that is not available in North America - medication that was withheld from me during my captivity - and because of COVID I was unable to acquire because I could not travel since my release.  That medication is $10k a year - I don't expect to live long enough to make it worth going to get any.  With the added complication there is every chance my medication would kill me, my health is that poor and declining.

I wish to live long enough to be deposed by lawyers.  My Dying Declaration is a stop-gap against my premature death.
