: "I'm Not Dead Yet."
: "Oh shut up - you will be soon."

That is a line from Monty Python's The Holy Grail.  I adopted INDY - as a catch phrase when I was 12.  That was 1985.

https://github.com/jeffohrt/Project-INDY

This is Project INDY - Phase 1 - Ghostwriter

Project INDY is a 5 phase performance art piece designed to reflect and re-imagine my torture, mutilation and murder as altruistic events.  Project INDY is being set up to outlive me.

My death is imminent.  The goal of Project INDY Phase 1 is to keep me alive long enough to be deposed by lawyers and to be interviewed so the people that care can learn of all the things I've done in my life that are not permitted in my Dying Declaration.  My life has been short and busy.

Kickstarter has declined to be involved.  I have left their files in place - it is part of the experience - of watching what a rape and murder victim goes through when they ask for help.

I am crowdsourcing (GoFundMe) the cost of hiring a ghostwriter (https://www.writersunion.ca/ghostwriting) to reflect the nearly 2 years I was held, tortured, mutilated and murdered by a single threat - my Uncle with Huntington's would be killed if I left or told anyone.  Now that I believe he is safe, and my end is near, I wish to tell everyone.

I will give top priority to Nova Scotia Publishers because of the ease of meeting the ghostwriter.

I was sex trafficked, kidnapped, held, tortured, mutilated and murdered between 2017 and 2019.  All the details are in my Dying Declaration.  During the 2 year period (April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019) that these events occurred my rapist collected a quarter of a million dollars in salary and pensions.  
https://www.writersunion.ca/ghostwriting suggests a minimum cost of $40k for 90k words.  The exact breakdown is on the https://www.writersunion.ca/ghostwriting website.  I need a ghostwriter because I have neither the time nor the health for this project.  I wish to be interviewed by the ghostwriter so I've added 50% - a total of $60k for the interviewing and production of the manuscript.
