Project INDY is a 5 phase performance art piece designed to reflect and re-imagine my torture, mutilation and murder as altruistic events.  Project INDY is being set up to outlive me.

My death is imminent.  The goal of Project INDY Phase 1 is to keep me alive long enough to be deposed by lawyers and to be interviewed so the people that care can learn of all the things I've done in my life that are not permitted in my Dying Declaration.  My life has been short and busy.

I am crowdsourcing (Kickstarter) the cost of hiring a ghostwriter (https://www.writersunion.ca/ghostwriting) to reflect the nearly 2 years I was held, tortured, mutilated and murdered by a single threat - my Uncle with Huntington's would be killed if I left or told anyone.  Now that I believe he is safe, and my end is near, I wish to tell everyone.

I will give top priority to Nova Scotia Publishers because of the ease of meeting the (ghost) author.

I was sex trafficked, kidnapped, held, tortured, mutilated and murdered bewteen 2017 and 2019.  All the details are in my Dying Declaration.  During the 2 year period (April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019) that these events occurred my rapist collected a quarter of a million dollars in salary and pensions.  She made 250k raping and killing me because I brought her husband food (from the food bank).

I have split this figure in half - 120k for Phase 1 and 120k for Phase 2.

Whatever publisher or ghostwriter wants my story, it is only available while I am alive and with an imminent death that won't be long.  Upon my death - if unsold - the book rights will be given away.

My last days need to be fun and distracting as I complete my Dying Declaration so as an homage to my favorite Richard Prior movie, we (the publishers, author and I) will Brewster's Millions Phase 1.  That 120k will be used to keep me alive for as long as possible - to be interviewed by all interested parties and to pay the ghostwriter for their time and expertise.

Project INDY is performance art.  Phase 1 is an homage to Richard Prior but it must also reflect or re-imagine the events that lead to my death.

March 2017 started with sex trafficking (out of the Philippines).  The lies and manipulations that my rapist used to bring me across the planet involved having my siblings tell me I was being lent my childhood home; a safe place to be left alone for just a couple of months.  It never happened.

I was never paid - I was literally and figuratively bled dry over nearly 2 years.  My finances and resources were extorted by my rapist, who was making $10k a month in salary and pensions - she stole from me to further trap me in her house.  To reflect this, the ghostwriter gets paid first.

https://www.writersunion.ca/ghostwriting suggests a minimum cost of $40k for 90k words.  The exact breakdown is on the https://www.writersunion.ca/ghostwriting website.  I need a ghostwriter because I have neither the time nor the health for this project.  I wish to be interviewed by the ghostwriter so I've added 50% - a total of $60k for the interviewing and production of the manuscript.

After that, the first 5k will be spent pre-paying my rent until June 2022.  I expect to struggle to see April - but I would like my friends and landlords to have a buffer after my death to deal with my possessions.  My rent, for 6 months is $2700.  The other half is for food and utilities.

The ghostwriter can interview me at whatever interval they decide.  An imminent death means they should hurry and I am not travelling.  I don't live with people.  I don't let them in my home.  I need to feel safe and be left alone at home.  They can arrange their own housing and transportation - that's what the extra $20k is for.

Several of the murders I was subjected to involved withholding all medicines, doctors and medical attention.  I have 1 vial of medication that was used to lure me across the planet.  I have 1 vial of medication that I was forbidden from taking by my rapist under the threat my Uncle with Huntington's would be killed if I did.  This was one of many mutilating tortures that produced fatal injuries.

The ghostwriter, food and rent are $65k, when this is settled, I will make arrangements to take that medication.  One injection lasts 2-3 months depending on my health and physical activity - that is convenient for several artistic and logistical reasons.  This is one.  I have never taken this medication while having the intense seizures that were inflicted as part of murders 2 and 4.  There is a small chance my medication will kill me itself.

If I survive the medication, there is a surgery I require that my rapist denied me for 2 years and I haven't been able to afford or schedule thanks to COVID.  This surgery will require I be put under anesthetic.  I will lose between 4-6 teeth - trying to save my jaw - this is the second time in my life I have required this surgery.  2005 was the last time.  I currently only have 15 teeth.  I will need to have dentures made.  If I survive surgery, I will have trouble speaking for some time.

I am hoping, if I live long enough, I will recover from surgery in a matter of a week or 2.  There is every chance I won't wake up from that surgery.  I go to bed every night not knowing if I will wake up.

The surgery and temporary dentures are $15k - bringing the total to $80k.

During my captivity, particularly the 10 months of starvation and multiple murder attempts on my Uncle, all money for food, gas etc was withheld.  Money for operating a vehicle was withheld.  This is how I was trapped in the house, prevented from seeing people or getting food or help.  During my captivity I earned a small amount of money by hunting and trapping until my rapist destroyed all my trapping equipment.

If I am still alive, post surgery, I will take 15k to purchase and run an inexpensive car.  For the month of March, if I live, the author and I will trap.  I am a licensed trapper.  It will be a relaxing way to talk, in private, about the more serious events.  It is how I had some money to care for my Uncle.  When I die, being in the woods, hunting and trapping is the top of my list for ways to go.  There is a running joke amongst my friends to cover me in molasses and leave me for the bears.  This brings us to $95k

If I am still alive at the end of trapping season (March 31st) I will need to fly overseas to purchase additional medication.  Normally it costs $10k a year.  I am expecting twice that due to COVID expenses, flights, hotels etc.  My double vaccinations are done.  I am not eligible for my booster until mid March - so it all lines up if I live long enough.

That puts us at $115k.  Kickstarter recommends 5% for their fee, 5% for payment fees.  The Canadian taxes can come out of book proceeds long after I am dead.

That puts us at $125k - I'm asking for $120k - for poetic and symmetrical reasons.  Half what my rapist earned.  I'll squeak the $5k difference out of the car and medication.

